---
layout: post
title: "Day 15"
description: ""
category:
tags: []
---
{% include JB/setup %}
**FRIDAY**

- ~~15 minutes bike~~

That's all I did. I didn't exercise at all Thursday. I guess I am slipping off track, though I did manage to get those all-important 15 minutes in on the bike.

I've been learning about modeling solid objects in [`MuJoCo`](http://mujoco.org/) over the past few days. I'm going to be designing a PID controller using MuJoCo over the weekend in addition to going through the notes and homework for Professor Todorov's courses on [Intelligent Control](http://homes.cs.washington.edu/~todorov/courses/amath579/index.html) and [Robotics](http://homes.cs.washington.edu/~todorov/courses/cseP590/index.html).

I have to download Visual Studio Community onto my laptop's windows partition so I can use the API for the MuJoCo code in designing my PID controller. I'm having a great time learning more about Robotics in a more structured manner. As an applied mathematician so much of what I learn can be applied to so many fields, robotics included. I'm incredibly grateful to have this chance to collaborate with others who have more momentum behind them in their research. I want to work on making robot hands more dexterous! That's fucking awesome!

Robotics is the skeleton key, the most general specialty. The design and control of biomimetic end effectors is one of the most important and rapidly advancing areas of research in robotics. The day is coming where something being done _by hand_ does not imply it wasn't part of an industrial process. :smile:

_Many hands make light work._ - John Heywood
