---
layout: post
title: "Day 34"
description: ""
category:
tags: []
---
{% include JB/setup %}
**THURSDAY**

- 90 minutes walking
- 15 minutes bike
- 25 assisted pushups
- 60 squats
- 30 lunges (both sides)
- stretch

I love my lems. They're great boots. I need to keep trying to include the toe shoes more, but I honestly think my feet are tough enough to use barefoot on the bike, even with the jagged metal grips they use to keep people's sneakers on the pedal.

I should write down my current business ideas. Not the overarching ones that I plan to spawn from WG-APL sometime in the future, but simple plans to make a profit I have come up with that make perfect sense.

1. Grow vegetables in a vertical indoor garden
2. Make living walls of vertical planters and sell them.
3. Sell smoked chicken and falafel burgers along with BBQ chicken sausage links from some neat little food truck with a smoker/grill, a nice fryer, and all the things a food truck needs, like a snocone machine. I wasn't joking about that falafel truck. I want to sell Hindu, Halal, and Vegan food.
4. Experfy course
5. Design and print vinyl patterns for shirts and sell them online. There's less of a business for the printing than there is for awesome designs. People will buy ideas, especially ideas in the form of Heavy Fruit of the Loom T-Shirts. Just be creative and market, market, market! You'll sell T-Shirts for goodness sake. Give away $5000 in gift cards as a promotion, use social media to promote your products, and press your advantages in every way you can. It is going to be 7 May 2016 before I know it. Be ready. Have that portion of wgapl.com ready to launch.
6. Buy a piece of land with the proceeds from the above businesses for a much larger scale vertical farm as well as a home. Put the land in Andrea's name.
7. Build a fab shop and start hammering out robots.

I know I said I wasn't going to go all out with the list, and I didn't. I simply outlined my thoughts on making money between where I am right now, with a garage full of almost all the tools I need to build vertical planters but with only room for a hundred or so in the best place for them.

Since my problem seems to be having enough space that can be devoted entirely to plants, it would probably make sense if I would build some sort of piece of furniture one could place against the wall to hold their vertical planters. I'll work out the details and put them up here.

My email address won't be working for the next 60 days as I am transfering services to Google domains. Take a picture with some elephant you slaughtered Mr. CEO. I won't mind. HA! As if. What a jerk. Anyway, I'm taking my business elsewhere. The 60 day waiting period will be worth it. I can figure out how to get all of the things done that I need to do to host the site with my own code, if not my own infrastructure. Then later I can talk with my ISP and Domain provider about hosting using my own infrastructure with the ability to go back to using infrastructure as a service whenever necessary.
