---
layout: post
title: "Day 16"
description: ""
category:
tags: []
---
{% include JB/setup %}  
**MONDAY**  

- ~~15 minutes bike~~
- ~~10 pushups~~
- ~~10 rollouts~~
- ~~60 squats~~
- ~~30 lunges(both sides)~~  

I spent a good bit of time working on getting the `grasp.cpp` example to compile and link this weekend. I was finally successful in building the example if not getting it to work late last night after realizing that I can't use debugging symbols for the proprietary `mjhaptix_user.dll`. I would be more embarassed over this fact, because it makes all too much sense and the minute I started to search for "mangled names visual studio c++ external dll" I knew it was going to tell me "Take it out of debug mode, dumbshit! You can't use debugging symbols for their library because it might help you reverse engineer their proprietary software." I'm not too proud of it, but I'm not really ashamed either. I am not really all that cozy working in the Windows environment. There are fundamental things that Windows devs take for granted that I can't seem to fathom. It is like every piece of software is as out of their hands as the proprietary drivers of NVIDIA and AMD GPUs are to me as a user of the CUDA and OpenCL libraries.

I wrote some pseudo-code for the main part of a PID controller over the weekend. The code goes as follows:

```C 
float pid(float err, float sum_err, float prev_err
    float Kp, float Ki, float Kd)
{
    sum_err += err;
    return Kp * err + Ki * sum_err + Kd *(err - prev_err);
}
```

I also have more of the subject material in the [Robotics](http://homes.cs.washington.edu/~todorov/courses/cseP590/index.html) and [Intelligent Control](http://homes.cs.washington.edu/~todorov/courses/amath579/index.html) courses covered than I originally thought. [A.I. for Robotics](https://www.udacity.com/course/artificial-intelligence-for-robotics--cs373) really did go over a lot of the material in the courses from the motion control group.
